Fallback to `ipl.dol` if shortcut fails. (#19)
redolution/iplboot: README.md

CLI files are also supported.

> If the selected shortcut file cannot be loaded, iplboot will fallback to `/ipl.dol`. If that cannot be loaded either, iplboot will reboot to the onboard IPL (original GameCube intro and menu).

Reviewer: Just a small clarification:
```suggestion
If the selected shortcut file cannot be loaded, iplboot will fall back to `/ipl.dol`. If that cannot be loaded either, the next device will be searched. If all fails, iplboot will reboot to the onboard IPL (original GameCube intro and menu).
```
